The primary objective of this project is to study the deep neural networks and fuzzy inference system to develop an analysis for the student data. The development will break the abstraction of the algorithms for deeper understanding, which in turn better troubleshooting, without extensive software reuse. Each solutions will be implemented imperatively so that there will be multitude of test cases and case studies.

1.1 Aim and Objectives
This project is dedicated to the study of student behaviours and performance evaluation. Thus, the primary objective will be to develop functional as well as efficient software to learn and inferent the performance from the student data. It is hoped to be one of the motivations for the digital transformation of the academic system. With deep analysis on the status, one can achieve certain leverage in academic decision.

1.2 Background
The studies of student data had been developed in solitude of fuzzy inference system. But, there was no deep learning on such data. It is quite promising that deep learning as an extension will provide accuracy on the inference system. Among deep learning algorithms, this project will focus on the basic of deep learning, artificial neural networks.

1.3 Scope
Neural Network is developed from the simple "vanilla" and will be developed iteratively through case studies and well-known heristics. Regularization and first-order optimization methods will be supported. As for fuzzy system, Tagaki-Sugeno method without defuzzification will be implemented.

1.4 Motivation
The popularity of data science has been exploding. With resuse-oriented software architectures and the computational power that followed Moore's Law, Data Analysis has never been easier. There has been a number of data science framworks like Tensorflow, scikit and sort of. Such frameworks provides the developers the need of nothing but a few lines of code to implement the algoritms. Those frameworks encouraged the curiosity of its underlying mechanisms, breaking the abstraction. Through implementations with case studies, the traces of ideas and hacks behind the minds of the researchers can be seen and how they can be useful and evolved. Such knowledge can be put to good use by developing student data analysis.

1.5 Outline
